#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/base.txt requirements/base.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
brotlipy==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   django-healthchecks
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via brotlipy
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
coverage[toml]==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   pytest-cov
crispy-bootstrap3==2024.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap3
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-axes
    #   django-contrib-comments
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-healthchecks
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-parler
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-singleton-admin
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-tinymce
django-admin-tools==0.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-dashboard
django-analytical==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-any-imagefield==1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-any-urlfield==2.7.post1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
django-axes==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-categories-i18n==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
django-compressor==4.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-contrib-comments==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-comments
    #   django-threadedcomments
django-crispy-forms==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap3
    #   django-fluent-comments
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filebrowser-no-grappelli==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-blogs==3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-comments==3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-contents[code,oembeditem,text]==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
django-fluent-dashboard==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-pages==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-fluent-utils==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-pages
django-healthchecks==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via django-mptt
django-mptt==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-categories-i18n
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   django-polymorphic-tree
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-categories-i18n
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-pages
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   django-polymorphic-tree
django-polymorphic-tree==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-pages
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-singleton-admin==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-slug-preview==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   django-fluent-pages
django-staff-toolbar==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-tag-parser==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-blogs
    #   django-fluent-comments
    #   django-fluent-contents
    #   django-fluent-pages
    #   django-polymorphic-tree
django-taggit==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-template-analyzer==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
django-threadedcomments==2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-tinymce==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-wysiwyg==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
idna==3.6
    # via requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
micawber==0.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-contents
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
netaddr==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-pages
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via django-fluent-contents
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-sugar
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytest-sugar==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-akismet==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-fluent-comments
pytz==2024.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
rcssmin==1.1.1
    # via django-compressor
redis==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-redis
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   django-healthchecks
    #   python-akismet
rjsmin==1.2.1
    # via django-compressor
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   django-filebrowser-no-grappelli
    #   html5lib
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
sorl-thumbnail==12.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
taggit-selectize==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via pytest-sugar
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uwsgi==2.0.24
    # via -r requirements/base.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
whitenoise==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
wsgiunproxy==1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
